That hurts.
FRIDAY, MARCH 17TH, 2023
7:02 A.M.
What's going on?
Maybe I was given some extra time.
I'm not sure.
I couldn't ask for more.
I got to see you.
I wanted to talk to you like this
one last time.
Yeah.
I wanted to have a meal with you too.
I'm starving.
-Let's eat together.
-Yeah.
And,
I also…
wanted to do this.
Yeah.
He might not be here tomorrow.
We were living a life
of simple happiness.
-Let's eat.
-Yes.
Delicious. I'm a genius.
You've missed eating, haven't you?
Don't you have a more heartfelt comment?
I'm really happy.
So? What other
unfinished business do you have?
Let's do them all. Shall we make a list?
-Huh?
-No…
I appreciate that you're
not getting all sentimental.
If I do, then we're just wasting time.
What should we do first?
GUSTO CAFE-RESTAURANT
He's coming.
Did something happen?
-Sorry to call you so suddenly.
-No, it's okay. But…
Are you feeling anxious?
In pain? How can I help?
No, I'm fine.
-Um…
-Yes?
Mr. Uozumi, do you still have your amulet?
Oh, yes. I have it right here.
But, I don't know what to do with it.
-It's okay. Keep it.
-I knew you had it.
Huh? What's this?
You couldn't reach nirvana?
What?!
I've always wanted to do this.
-What? Ouch!
-Hey!
You're alive? Why?
So,
how did you come back?
I just found myself at home.
-What?
-Sorry for the wait.
You have to go to work, don't you?
-Yeah.
-Can you take the day off today, Yui?
-He asked if you can take the day off.
-Huh?
I forgot! You can talk to each other.
-Thank you for doing this for so long.
-Not at all. I'm glad.
Talk to each other.
-Huh?
-Come on.
Come on, talk to her.
Where would you like to go?
Where would you like to go today?
Huh? Did he say something?
Huh?
Yui?
-I'm kidding!
-What the--? You had me worried.
I was scared for a second too…
I can see you, I can hear you.
This is incredible.
-What?
-I want to keep watching you two.
But I can't, right?
Do you know how long you can stay?
No idea. Maybe a day?
-I see.
-So I need to make the most of it.
We're lucky to have this kind of time.
You guys are so amazing.
I should be off.
-Come over after work.
-Huh? Don't you two want to be alone?
-That's not true.
-Don't act so lonely.
Oh?
Okay, just for a bit?
Later?
-Shall I go then?
-See you later.
What's next?
Let's do whatever you want.
Really?
-Excuse me.
-Sorry for the wait.
Welcome.
Which one do you like?
This? Or this?
This is the most pointless
question in the world, but…
But it's a fun experience, right?
This? Or this?
Oh?
It's starting to get warmer out.
Yeah.
But…
Thinking about all the places I wanted
to go has made me tired.
Are you okay? You already ran out of gas?
Thank you.
Huh?
It's just,
that outfit looks good on you.
-That's unusual for you to say.
-I said what I thought.
Remember that sweater
from the day we first met?
Yeah, I do.
Sorry I ended up taking it.
I don't mind.
It was from my mother.
I see.
Speaking of which…
About your mom…
If you don't want to say, it's fine.
No, it's no big deal.
My mom is also a hairdresser.
She was a sincere
and kind woman.
She cared about me too.
I see.
She got divorced right after I was born.
She was finally getting remarried,
but that man turned out
to be a bad person.
That was around the time
I entered middle school.
Mom told me that I shouldn't be near him.
I had no relatives to rely on.
And after various consultations
I was connected with Masaru and Mikiko.
They told me to come to their house.
-How's your mom now?
-She lives in Sendai.
Now she's with a great guy,
who seems to be taking good care of her.
I'm glad.
Mom used to say that you
have to tell people
when you're happy, when something's
delicious, and when you love them.
There isn't a person who wouldn't be happy
to hear that, right? She'd say.
Sorry.
Are you…
worried about your family?
Yeah.
But…
I can't see them again.
I don't want to startle them.
-Can I meet with them then?
-Huh?
Please, come in.
I'm sorry for calling you so suddenly.
Thank you for coming.
It's alright, I was hoping
we could talk once.
Um, you haven't had lunch yet, right?
Naoki taught me the recipe.
I wanted you both to try it.
Please, go ahead.
Shall we?
It's good.
I'm happy to hear that.
He made this for me before.
I think it was when he was in fifth grade.
It was when
I was caring for Takumi
and couldn't do anything.
Naoki was a sweet boy.
Yes.
He was much stronger than we are.
Or rather,
we were too weak.
Naoki was amazing.
He worked so hard
running the restaurant by himself.
It was always full of customers.
Is that so?
When he was born,
I was so happy.
I thought for sure I'd take care of him.
Why?
Why did I forget?
It's delicious.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for coming.
The pleasure was ours.
Um, excuse me.
There's one more thing…
About his brother, right?
To be honest,
I'm not even close to Takumi anymore.
I haven't told him
about what happened to Naoki.
I didn't know how to tell him
that Naoki was murdered.
-Is he doing okay?
-Yes.
This is where he works.
TOUOU MEDICAL
TAKUMI TORINO
Bro?
How long have you not seen Mom and Dad?
-Not since I started working.
-Why not?
I didn't really want to see them.
No, it's my fault that Mom's like that.
Well, it's all my fault.
But, they've kept me going this long,
so I thought, "I have to do my best
to be a good son."
I thought it was better if I left.
I do contact them from time to time.
You're a good son.
I've wanted to see you for a long time,
but I was too ashamed to face you.
I'm glad you came.
-How's your body?
-I'm fine for now.
I'm glad.
My body's fine, but my work is stressful.
-Huh?
-I want to quit.
It's only been two years, right?
You've got to hang in there a bit longer.
Yeah.
It's amazing.
-What is?
-Well…
Being able to listen to you
complain about work.
Oh, do you need to go back?
-I should go.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Well, if your job is really stressful,
then you can think about it again.
No, what I mean is…
Thank you.
For letting me live.
I knew I had to tell you when I saw you.
Thank you.
Sorry for everything.
Don't worry about it.
Work hard, okay?
Okay.
Wait, so why did you come here?
No reason.
-Okay.
-Get going.
See you later.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Well, I should get going.
Yeah, I've got somewhere to go too.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
See you later.
The kids in that group are on a rampage.
Let's step in at the same time.
-Yes, Sir.
Stop it!
No, no! Break it up. Stop it!
Stop it! Stop…
-Mr. Uozumi?
-Secure the area!
Yes, Sir!
Watch out! Stop it!
Ouch.
You guys, treasure your lives!
You're heavy…
Under these circumstances…
Don't try to reason with them!
Don't move, idiot!
Naoki!
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance
to say goodbye.
Where were you? I missed you!
-What…
-Oh, my!
Welcome back!
Wow!
I'm so happy for you.
To have this kind of time.
Thank you very much for your help.
-And your brother, too.
-So you're going away after all?
What about you, Ma?
Are you going to stay here forever?
If you leave, I'll be alone again.
And there's no chance for me to pass on.
It's alright if you stay here,
but I think you should take a look back
on the circumstances of your death, Michi.
So you're called Michi here.
Yeah, the kids call me that.
I wonder how you died.
No idea.
Probably an accident.
But, there were times when
I wondered what I was living for.
I loved my job.
I only dealt with complaints,
but all the people who called me
just wanted someone to listen.
That's why I always listened.
I'd listen,
and let them say all they wanted to say.
Then they were surprisingly nice too.
So it was kind of
a relief to me.
Well, I don't know what they thought.
You're a good man as well.
But I had to quit my job.
I don't remember much after that.
I'm sorry. Forget what I said.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Ma,
Thank you
for everything.
Stop it. You're making me emotional.
Don't make me get all mushy. Huh?
I think it's about time
for the kids to come home.
Well,
I should go now.
Okay.
Make the most
of your remaining time.
Naoki! Sis! Come over here!
What?
Oh, another pretty girl.
-Hello.
-What?
-She says that she's been looking for me.
I used to call the online shopping
customer service hotline all the time.
-Huh?
-Masamichi Higuchi was very nice to me.
I would always feel better
after talking to him.
Oh? Really?
But I passed away,
then I heard on the other side
that Mr. Higuchi had died too,
but he hadn't passed over yet.
That's why I came looking for you.
-It's good you met her.
-You're so cool, boss.
Well, the world is not so bad after all.
YOKOHAMA MEDICAL UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
-You're sure it's okay?
-Yeah.
Come over to my place for now.
-The place is too big for just me.
-I'll also be dropping by occasionally.
What?
Are you friends?
Yeah, it all started with
a mysterious coincidence.
But…
Maybe it's fate
that I got to meet you again, Rio.
I'm glad I went to live in that house.
Meeting Masaru and Mikiko,
and you and Naoki,
that's probably
when I was saved.
-Me too.
-I was only there for a few months.
But the length of time doesn't matter.
I understand what you mean.
Excuse me,
it's just that I understand
that it doesn't matter how long it takes.
-Yeah,
-Even if it's a short time.
It can be like a treasure for that person.
There are such encounters.
All right, let's hang out
the three of us next time.
-Let's go for drinks.
-Yeah, the three of us!
I look forward to it.
-Me too.
-You know, today…
-Yeah?
I saw Naoki in my dream.
Really?
I was happy.
Yeah, it would be nice to see him,
dream or not.
Huh?
The other day.
I was also very happy with you.
He did his best though.
He's a really nice guy.
Yeah.
It made me happy, so thank you.
My pleasure.
The container Naoki used to use
should be there.
-Is this it?
-Huh? No, it's not. It's not.
Yeah, it's on that shelf right there.
-Oh, is it this one?
-Um…
-No, it isn't.
-Stop bothering me!
It could be the last time
so I want it to be perfect.
You two, have a seat.
Come on, let's do it together.
Look, I'm getting better, aren't I?
-Looks good.
-He's just cutting cucumbers.
-Huh? Are you mad?
-No, I'm not.
"It's just my face."
I'm really starting to get angry.
-Why are you doing that?
-Don't complain.
This is what omelet rice
is all about, isn't it?
This is really good.
The eggs are super fluffy!
Hey. Are you tasting it?
Here you are.
NAOKI LOVE
Huh? What did you write?
-How cruel.
-What?
Wait a minute. This is the red ghost.
-Ah!
-Dang it.
Okay, please give me your cards.
Oh, I got more. I'm going to win.
Can we drop
the "give up all our cards" rule?
But if we don't,
no one can make a turnaround.
You haven't made a move at all, have you?
No, because I've saved this many.
Oh, you're that type of person?
You're boring.
-He's just realistic.
-Okay. I'm going to win.
-I'll make a move when I have to. Watch.
-Okay, then.
-Ah!
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-What are you, an elementary schooler?
-No.
Hand them over.
But in this case,
what are we really supposed to do?
What happens to our cards?
Wait a minute, please.
This game can be played with two players?
You can play it again then.
-Huh?
-The two of you.
-What?
-The two of you can play it. It's fun.
-Hey.
-Why?
If you're playing with Uozumi,
I have nothing to worry about.
Stop it. You're making me mad.
I don't like that kind of thing.
Being entrusted with something
without permission.
I'll be fine.
I have a job. I manage the salon.
Anyway, I can live on my own just fine.
Sorry.
Okay.
My bad.
-Huh?
-Okay, let's start.
All right, the next winner takes all.
All right, let's do it for real.
Let's do it seriously.
-I'll show you what I got.
-Show us, show us.
I win! Yay!
-What?
-Yes! Yay! Give me your cards.
If you don't shake off the water,
it'll be more work for me.
You shake it off. Do it over there.
There's still soap on it. Look. Redo it.
Why? Give me a break.
-Shake the water off. Really shake it.
-Do it on your side.
Yes.
Ah, my sleeves are wet.
Let's pause for a moment.
-There.
-Thanks.
Here you go. Wipe faster.
-There's still water inside.
-Wipe it good.
Like this one.
There's so much water inside.
-It's still wet.
-It's perfect.
Just leave them. They'll dry out.
I should get going.
I'll leave the two of you alone.
-Okay.
Then, go…
-Huh?
-The two of you need to talk too, right?
What?
Go talk to each other.
Uh…
What should I say?
You don't have to say anything.
-I'm going to cry again.
-Oh…
Ah, you know,
what I said before was a lie.
-Huh?
-Um…
When I asked you to take care of Yui.
I don't want her to be with anyone.
Yeah.
I understand.
It's Yui's life.
It's up to her to decide.
You too.
You decide.
It's stupid to worry about the future
when I'm not even going to be here.
It's your life.
Do what you like.
I will.
Okay.
But honestly,
I…
I'm glad I met you back then, Uozumi.
You saved me.
And…
The time we spent together
was awfully weird, but…
I had fun.
Thank you.
I'm grateful to you.
I feel the same way.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So… what do we do now?
No way.
Hey!
Hey! Down here!
I have somewhere
I want to go to with Naoki.
10:37 P.M.
Are you sure you want to go at this hour?
Yes, I want to go there because it's late.
Will you be alright?
To go out of your way…
To go there together,
and then come back alone.
I'm sorry. Um…
Take this…
I feel safe when I have it.
Which one of you
is the white cat?
For me, it's Naoki.
"I can't imagine
a world without Naoki Torino!"
You can…
scream that to God.
But please come back.
You're not the only one
who thinks that.
I'm coming back.
Mr. Uozumi, what are you talking about?
I'm not worried at all.
Alright.
-Ready to go?
-Yes.
-Bye.
-Yeah.
You don't have to watch!
I know.
Bye!
It's peaceful.
Yeah.
It's the smell of spring.
Okay, ready?
Three, two, one…
Okay.
I'm going to miss you both so much.
-Don't say that.
-Right.
Congratulations on your new beginning.
Thank you.
I'm going now.
Will we meet again?
We'll see each other, right?
You should've said you wanted
to see me or let's meet again.
Sorry.
But we did end up meeting again.
Yeah.
Was it a miracle?
I don't know.
I'm going to miss
Hummingbird when it closes down.
Yeah.
How about turning it into a beauty salon?
And put up a sign that says,
"We cut children's hair."
You don't have to do that for me.
If I want to do it, why not?
If you want to do something for me…
Yeah?
Someday,
tell the kids who came to the restaurant.
They might be hurt
because of what Eisuke did.
What do you want me to tell them?
The kind-hearted Eisuke you guys saw,
wasn't a lie.
I wish I could say that.
But,
I can't forgive him.
Sorry.
Yeah.
But…
Just like we were saved by Masaru,
there is no doubt that Eisuke
saved a lot of children too.
What's wrong?
You're too nice.
Maybe that's why God likes you so much.
Maybe that's why he gave me all this time.
Maybe.
How much longer do you have?
Yui.
Yeah?
Two years ago…
Oh, no. I don't want to hear it.
Just listen.
I don't think I can say it all.
Okay,
I'll listen to a bit of it.
Okay.
Okay, first things first.
I'll definitely say this.
When I met you again,
I was so happy.
You were?
And,
we both realized that
we were important to each other.
When we began dating,
I thought, "Wow, I'm so happy."
Yeah.
Me too.
I've lived my whole life
so I could be with you, I thought.
As long as you
continue to smile and be happy,
I can say that my life had meaning.
I…
I really like the way you smile.
So keep on smiling.
I'm sorry for leaving you alone.
It's okay.
I'm sorry.
I'll try my best
to be happy and smile.
Yui.
Are you going already?
Thank you.
Goodbye.
I love you.
Naoki,
I love you too.
I love you.
Yeah.
I love you too.
This is embarrassing after all.
Look at the ocean.
Okay.
I love you.
Yeah.
-I love you.
-I know.
I've got it.
Yui,
I love you.
Yeah.
I told you I didn't want you
to watch me from up there.